My name is Fulton Skikos. I was an RA last year at the Yak Community Building 172d, or Chikukunitch.
If I'm being honest, I didn't really enjoy being an RA at all. It was very difficult.
Each day came with various challenges that I just really wasn't up for.
I had to help this one freshman who got back from a party, and she was throwing up for hours and hours.
It ended up in the sink, which is pretty nasty. I had to personally clean it up.
I didn't want the housekeeper to come in and be like, "What the hell is this?"
I really think that Cal Poly should do a better job of fixing this program and making it more rewarding.
People dedicate their year to looking out for the freshmen, and in return I don't get crap.
Except for free housing and a free meal plan. Even that was, I mean, the food here sucks.
The biggest highlight was handing out scented pencils at the end of each quarter for the check-ins.